---
title: fib-rw
date: 2019-1-18
sidebarDepth: 5
sidebar: 'auto'
---

## 模版

- is helpful for sb to do sth

In recent years, whether [题目] has caused numerous controversies and drawn the attention of the public. Some people insist that [题目], and I approve of this viewpoint for individual and social/educational reasons.

First and foremost, it has been argued that the individual reason is why I think it is necessary for sb to do sth. Though potentially negative impacts of [关键词] must have to be taken into account, I still reckon that [关键词] can bring many benefits to our daily lives. For example, a well-known American scientist once said that [关键词] could make our lives more efficient.

Furthermore, the social/educational reason is another factor that should be considered, which in other words, [句子改写]. As far as governments/schools are concerned, the ultimate goal of governments/schools is to (maintain and promote the well-being of society)/(shape the young people into the responsible person in the future), so [关键词] plays an important role in our whole society. For instance, recent search published in The Economist revealed that more than half of people think the government should value the importance of [关键词] and provide more financial support.

In conclusion, I firmly believe that [关键词] has more advantages than disadvantages. To address this issue, individuals and society should make a concerted effort.

PS: 教育类的余姚将所有的 social 换成 educational, governments 换成 schools.

## 真题练习

### Getting Married

- early marriage is harmful to your relationship
- the young generation to get rid of getting married early
- getting married early / getting married after finding a job
- early marriage may increase the divorce rate

In recent years, whether getting married before finishing school or getting a job is foolish has caused numerous controversies and drawn the attention of the public. Some people insist that <hide txt='early marriage is harmful to your relationship'></hide>, and I approve of this viewpoint for individual and social reasons.

First and foremost, it has been argued that the individual reason is why I think it is necessary for <hide txt='the young generation to get rid of getting married early'></hide>. Though potentially negative impacts of <hide txt='getting married early'></hide> must have to be taken into account, I still reckon that <hide txt='getting married after finding a job'></hide> could bring many benefits to our daily lives. For example, a well-known scientist said that <hide txt='getting married after finding a job'></hide> could make our lives more efficient.

Furthermore, the social reason is another factor that should be considered, which in other words, <hide txt='early marriage may increase the divorce rate'></hide>. As far as governments are concerned, the ultimate goal of governments is to maintain and promote the well-being of society, so <hide txt='getting married after finding a job'></hide> plays an important role in our whole society. For instance, a recent search published in The Economist revealed that more than half of people think the government should value the importance of <hide txt='getting married after finding a job'></hide> and provide more financial support.

In conclusion, I firmly believe that getting married before finishing school or getting a job has more disadvantages than advantages. To address this issue, individuals and society should make a concerted effort.

### Law Effect

- people to obey the laws
- disrespect
- laws / importance of laws
- laws have a special function of threatening people.

### Senior Executives

- time-consuming
- the involvement of employees in the decision-making process

### Formal Written Examination

- find their disadvantages during the learning process

### Studying Abroad

- studying abroad can broaden your horizons

### Tourism's Pros and Cons

- promoting economic growth

### Extreme Sports

- coping with stress

### Information Revolution

- get the latest information

### Mass Media

- broaden young people's horizons

### Global Issue

- Governments takes the responsibilities for the climate change. (题目有)
- Governments have sufficient money to solve the problem of climate change.

### the most important of invention

- Personally speaking, the computer is the most important invention in the past 100 years.
- The computer can reduce labor costs.

### 营销策略

- Personally speaking, marketing for consumer goods companies should focus on reputation.
- This focus can maintain business interest in a long run.

### 研究气候变化的某方面

- Personally speaking, I prefer to study global warming as the area of climate change.
- will reduce biodiversity.

### 学习戏剧

- 抄题目
- broaden young people's horizons
- increase student's burden in high school

### Large shopping malls are replacing small shops

- Personally speaking, large shopping malls replacing small shops is a good change.
- Large shopping malls can offer diverse variety of products.

### credit cards are used instead of cash
- Cashless society seems to be a reality to young people and it does bring benefits and problems.
- Cashless society improves the efficiency of people's purchasing process.

### 医学延长人的寿命
- Personally speaking, I think increasing the average life is a blessing.
- Longer life expectancy boosts the development of [aged care industry].

### 体验式学习
- Experiential learning can work well in high schools or colleges.
- promote students' overall competence

### Legal Responsibility
- should not
- increase parents' mental pressure

### 晚交作业扣学分
- ... is not suggested.
- will bring much mental pressure to students

### 学习和工作互相干扰
- It is unrealistic that study and employment distract one from another.
- Employment is also a process of study.

### 最紧迫的问题
- Personally speaking, I think environmental pollution is the most pressing problem.
- our physical health

### 建筑设计
- The design of buildings affects positively where people live and work.
- The design of buildings affects people's safety and life satisfaction.

### Best Teachers
- Personally speaking, I think experience is the best teacher.
- avoid mistakes

### Digital Materials

- Personally speaking, I think universities should only procure digital materials.
- Digital Materials are more environmentally friendly.

### Transportation Networks
- Personally speaking, I think government should try to create better network of public transportation.
- reduce air pollution / improve people's living standards.

### 兼顾工作与生活(普遍性)
- The problem that ... is very common.
- Due to the work pressure and life pressure, most people have to devote themselves more to their jobs.

### 兼顾工作与生活(重要性)
- It is very important to....
- ensure one's physical and mental health.

### 最近的发明
- Personally speaking, the artificial intelligence is the most significant in the 21st century.
- reduce labor cost

### Television
- I totally agree that watching TV help people to relax.
- coping with stress

### 模版
In recent years, <hide txt='whether'></hide> [题目] has <hide txt='caused'></hide> <hide txt='numerous'></hide> <hide txt='controversies'></hide> and <hide txt='drawn'></hide> the <hide txt='attention'></hide> of the public. Some people insist that [题目], and I <hide txt='approve'></hide> of this viewpoint for <hide txt='individual'></hide> and social/educational reasons.

First and <hide txt='foremost'></hide>, it has been <hide txt='argued'></hide> that the <hide txt='individual'></hide> reason is why I think it is necessary for sb to do sth. <hide txt='Though'></hide> <hide txt='potentially'></hide> negative <hide txt='impacts'></hide> of [关键词] must have to be <hide txt='taken'></hide> into <hide txt='account'></hide>, I still <hide txt='reckon'></hide> that [关键词] can bring many <hide txt='benefits'></hide> to our daily <hide txt='lives'></hide>. For example, a well-known American scientist once said that [关键词] could make our lives more <hide txt='efficient'></hide>.

<hide txt='Furthermore'></hide>, the social/educational reason is <hide txt='another'></hide> factor that should be <hide txt='considered'></hide>, which in other <hide txt='words'></hide>, [句子改写]. As far as governments/schools are <hide txt='concerned'></hide>, the <hide txt='ultimate'></hide> goal of governments/schools is to (<hide txt='maintain'></hide> and <hide txt='promote'></hide> the well-being of society)/(shape the young people into the <hide txt='responsible'></hide> person in the future), so [关键词] plays an important role in our whole society. For <hide txt='instance'></hide>, recent search <hide txt='published'></hide> in The <hide txt='Economist'></hide> <hide txt='revealed'></hide> that more than half of people think the government should value the importance of [关键词] and provide more <hide txt='financial'></hide> support.

In <hide txt='conclusion'></hide>, I <hide txt='firmly'></hide> believe that [关键词] has more advantages than disadvantages. To address this issue, <hide txt='individuals'></hide> and society should make a <hide txt='concerted'></hide> effort.

PS: 教育类的余姚将所有的 social 换成 educational, governments 换成 schools.

In recent years, whether [题目] has caused numerous controversied and drawn the attention of public. Some people insist that [题目], and I approve this viewpoint for individual and social reasons.

First and foremost, it has been argued that [关键词] is 